User Stories at the end of Iteration 1

Priority: 10
Title:  View Contract Information  (fparkins)
Description: As a student I want to view the submitted contract information to verify that it is correct. 

Title: Edit Contract Information  (fparkins)
Description: As a student I want to edit the contract information in order to correct it.

Title: Submit Contract Information  (fparkins)
Description: As a student, I want to submit the information required for my Honor's Contract to complete the submission process.

Title : View student's course list   (Ruchi)
Description : As a secretary, I want to list all the students details along with registered courses so that I will be able to view a record, and where I can edit or modify any particular information.

Title : Update Student's course Information   (Ruchi)
Description : As a secretary, I want to modify student's course information because if the entered details are wrong or changed, it can be modified.

Title: View Pending Contract (Swaroop)
Description: As an admin, I want to view the pending Honor’s Contracts for reference.

Title: Reject application (swaroop)
Description: As an admin, I want to reject pending Honor’s Contract of specific student if student doesn't meet requirements.
Priority: 20

Title: Search certain student (Yehui)
Description: Admins will be able to search for certain student in the exported data using the name for reference. 

Title: Search Pending details (Iqbal)
Description: As a user, I want to search the pending contract based on specific semester, name or classification etc.

Title: Modify information of students  (Venkata(vkchkkla))
Description: Admins can able to modify students information when he or she finds some errors in their information.

Title: Approve contract   (Swaroop)
Description: As an admin, I want to approve the contract after submitted by student for keeping track.

Title: Choose Honor Type (Ruchi)
Description: As an admin, I want to categorize by  type (University Honors/ University Honors with thesis) for each Honors' graduate.

Title: Select  Graduation Track (swaroop)
Description: As an admin, I want to select the user graduation track details for future reference.

Title : Add a new course (Venkata(vkchkkla))
Description: As an Admin, I want to add a new course to the current list whenever student enrolled for new course.

Title : Add extra Notes (Venkata(vkchkkla))
Description: As an Admin, I want to add notes/comments on student for future references.

Priority: 30
Title: Export all students’ information (Yehui)
Description: Admins will be able to export all students’ information in one time.

Title: Export certain student’s information (Yehui)
Description: Admins can export certain student information that he or she looks for. 

Priority: 40
n/a

Priority: 50

Title: Add New Course manually (Venkata(vkchkkla))

Description: As an admin, I want to  add a new course details while manually entering honor details.


Title: Add New Professor manually (Venkata(vkchkkla))

Description: As an admin, I want to  add a new Professor details while manually entering honor details.



Title: List all Honor's contract Pending for approval (Iqbal)
Description: As an admin, I want to see all the pending contract request application submitted by student for approval and I should have the link to view, approve or reject the contract.
 

Title: Summary all Honor's contract exists in Pending and active status (Iqbal)
Description: As an admin, I want to see all the pending and active contract request in a dashboard immediately after login.

Title: User access control to the Honor's contract system(Iqbal)
Description: As an admin, I want have a user access system so that I can login to the system with user name and password but other unauthorized user should not be able to login.

Title: List all activity honor contracts(Yehui)
Description: As an admin, I want to see all  honor contracts from students which admin proved.

Title: Save contract copy(Swaroop)
Description: As an admin, I want to save the contract copy of a student.

Title: Modify and save Honor Type (Ruchi)
Description: As an admin, I want to view the honor's type based on University Honors/ University Honors with thesis for each Honors' graduate 
and modifying the honor's type if required to change.





